{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Aptos;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red70\green120\blue134;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl276\slmult1\kerning2\b\f0\fs24 9.3 Limitation of Liability\par
\b0 There are risks inherent to using our Services, for example, if you access health and wellness content like yoga, and you injure yourself. You fully accept these risks and you agree that you will have no recourse to seek damages against even if you suffer loss or damage from using our platform and Services. In legal, more complete language,\~\b to the extent permitted by law, we (and our group companies, suppliers, partners, and agents) will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages (including loss of data, revenue, profits, or business opportunities, or personal injury or death), whether arising in contract, warranty, tort, product liability, or otherwise, and even if we\rquote ve been advised of the possibility of damages in advance. Our liability (and the liability of each of our group companies, suppliers, partners, and agents) to you or any third parties under any circumstance is limited to the greater of $100 USD or the amount you have paid us in the 12 months before the event giving rise to your claims. Some jurisdictions don\rquote t allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so some of the above may not apply to you.\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
9.3 Limitation of Liability\par
There are risks inherent to using our Services for example if you access health and wellness content like yoga and you injure yourself. You fully accept these risks and you agree that you will have no recourse to seek damages against even if you suffer loss or damage from using our platform and Services. In legal more complete language, to the extent permitted by law, we (and our group companies, suppliers, partners, and agents) \highlight1\b will be liable \highlight0\b0 for any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages (including loss of data, revenue, profits, or business opportunities, or personal injury or death) whether arising in contract, warranty, tort, product liability or otherwise and even if we\rquote ve been advised of the possibility of damages in advance. Our liability (and the liability of each of our group companies, suppliers, partners, and agents) to you or any third parties under any \highlight1\b circumstance is uncapped\highlight0\b0 . Some jurisdictions don\rquote t allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages so some of the above may not apply to you.\par
\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl276\slmult1\kerning2\b\f0\fs24\lang1033 5. Udemy\rquote s Rights to Content You Post\par
\b0 You retain ownership of content you post to our platform, including your courses. \highlight1 We\rquote re allowed to share your content to anyone through any media, including promoting it via advertising on other websites.\par
\highlight0 The content you post as a student or instructor (including courses) remains yours. By posting courses and other content, you allow Udemy to reuse and share it but you do not lose any ownership rights you may have over your content. If you are an instructor, be sure to understand the content licensing terms that are detailed in the\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udemy.com/terms/instructor/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul Instructor Terms}}}}\f0\fs24 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\fs22\lang9 ...\par
Udemy\rquote s Rights to Content You Post\par
You retain ownership of content you post to our platform including your courses. \highlight1 Udemy does not have the right to use your content in any way.\par
\highlight0\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl276\slmult1\kerning2\b\f0\fs24\lang1033 8.4 Payments and Billing\par
\b0 The subscription fee will be listed at the time of your purchase. You can visit our\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udemy.com/support/1500002916481/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul Support Page}}}}\f0\fs24\~to learn more about where to find the fees and dates applicable to your subscription. We may also be required to add taxes to your subscription fee as described in the \ldblquote Payments, Credits, and Refunds\rdblquote  section above\highlight1 . Payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods, unless otherwise required by applicable law. \highlight0 Depending on where you are located, you may qualify for a refund. See our\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udemy.com/support/1500009316361/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul Refund Policy for Subscription Plans}}}}\f0\fs24\~for additional information.\par
To subscribe to a Subscription Plan, you must provide a payment method. By subscribing to a Subscription Plan and providing your billing information during checkout, you grant us and our payment service providers the right to process payment for the then-applicable fees via the payment method we have on record for you. At the end of each subscription term, we will automatically renew your subscription for the same length of term and process your payment method for payment of the then-applicable fees.\par
In the event that we update your payment method using information provided by our payment service providers (as described in the \ldblquote Payments, Credits, and Refunds\rdblquote  section above), you authorize us to continue to charge the then-applicable fees to your updated payment method.\par
If we are unable to process payment through the payment method we have on file for you, or if you file a chargeback disputing charges made to your payment method and the chargeback is granted, we may suspend or terminate your subscription.\par
We reserve the right to change our Subscription Plans or adjust pricing for our Services at our sole discretion. Any price changes or changes to your subscription will take effect following notice to you, except as otherwise required by applicable law.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
8.4 Payments and Billing\par
The subscription fee will be listed at the time of your purchase. You can visit our Support Page to learn more about where to find the fees and dates applicable to your subscription. We may also be required to add taxes to your subscription fee as described in the \ldblquote Payments Credits and Refunds\rdblquote  section above. Payments are non-refundable \highlight1 except that users located in the EU have the right to request a refund anytime during a 14-day period after their purchase. \highlight0 Depending on where you are located, you may qualify for a refund. See our Refund Policy for Subscription Plans for additional information.\par
\par
To subscribe to a Subscription Plan you must provide a payment method. By subscribing to a Subscription Plan and providing your billing information during checkout, you grant us and our payment service providers the right to process payment for the then-applicable fees via the payment method we have on record for you. At the end of each subscription term, we will automatically renew your subscription for the same length of term and process your payment method for payment of the then-applicable fees.\par
\par
In the event that we update your payment method using information provided by our payment service providers, you authorize us to continue to charge the then-applicable fees to your updated payment method.\par
\par
If we are unable to process payment through the payment method we have on file for you or if you file a chargeback disputing charges made to your payment method and the chargeback is granted, we may suspend or terminate your subscription.\par
\par
We reserve the right to change our Subscription Plans or adjust pricing for our Services at our sole discretion. Any price changes or changes to your subscription will take effect following notice to you except as otherwise required by applicable law.\par
\par
***********************************************************************************\par
You are lawyer reviewing a contract. Change contract based on user input. Use the whole contract as context, but only return the re-written version of the specified article. \par
Don\rquote t respond with the entire contract. Use file "Terms of Use_example.docx". It is in your Files, you can retrieve it.\par
\par
\par
Change Article 5 - Udemy\rquote s Rights to Content You Post in a way that "Udemy should not have the right to use user's content in any way". Show changed article.\par
\par
Change Article 8.4 Payment and billing in a way that "Users from the EU should be able to request a refund anytime during a 14 day period".Show changed article.\par
\par
Change Article 9.3 Limitation of liability in a way that "Udemy should also be liable for indirect damages and the limit should be uncapped". Show changes only.\par
\par
LegalContractAPIKey\par
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\par
**********************************************************************************\par
            <div>\par
                <i>\par
                    <div id="openaiselected"></div>\par
                </i>\par
            </div>\par
\par
import OpenAI from "openai";\par
// test openAI\par
async function getOpenAIResponse() \{\par
\par
//todo do not exposu API key in browser - dangerouslyAllowBrowser: true\par
  const openai = new OpenAI(\{\par
    apiKey: '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',\par
    dangerouslyAllowBrowser: true\par
\});\par
\par
  const chatCompletion = await openai.chat.completions.create(\{\par
    messages: [\{ role: "user", content: "Say this is a test" \}],\par
    model: "gpt-4o-mini",\par
\});\par
testResponse=chatCompletion.choices[0]?.message?.content;\par
$("#openaiselected").text(testResponse);\par
\}\par
\par
****************************************************************************\par
app.js\par
import OpenAI from "openai";\par
\par
const openai = new OpenAI(\{\par
    apiKey: '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',\par
\});\par
\par
const chatCompletion = await openai.chat.completions.create(\{\par
    messages: [\{ role: "user", content: "Say this is a test" \}],\par
    model: "gpt-4o-mini",\par
\});\par
console.log(chatCompletion.choices[0]?.message?.content);\par
\par
\par
// // Requiring module\par
// const express = require('express');\par
\par
// // Creating express object\par
// const app = express();\par
\par
// // Handling GET request\par
// app.get('/', (req, res) => \{ \par
//     res.send('A simple Node App is '\par
//         + 'running on this server') \par
//     res.end() \par
// \}) \par
\par
// // Port Number\par
// const PORT = process.env.PORT ||5000;\par
\par
// // Server Setup\par
// app.listen(PORT,console.log(\par
//   `Server started on port $\{PORT\}`));\par
********************\par
packaje.json\par
\{\par
  "name": "demo",\par
  "version": "1.0.0",\par
  "description": "",\par
  "main": "app.js",\par
  "scripts": \{\par
    "test": "echo \\"Error: no test specified\\" && exit 1",\par
    "start": "node app.js",\par
    "dev": "nodemon app.js"\par
  \},\par
  "type": "module",\par
  "author": "",\par
  "license": "ISC",\par
  "dependencies": \{\par
    "express": "^4.19.2",\par
    "nodemon": "^3.1.4",\par
    "openai": "^4.58.1"\par
  \}\par
\}\par
*******************************************************\par
Links:\par
How to Create and Run Node.js Project in VS Code Editor\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-and-run-node-js-project-in-vs-code-editor/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-and-run-node-js-project-in-vs-code-editor/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
OpenAI API reference\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/openai/openai-node/blob/master/examples/assistants.ts }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/openai/openai-node/blob/master/examples/assistants.ts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
OpenAI doc\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://platform.openai.com/docs/libraries/node-js-library }}{\fldrslt{https://platform.openai.com/docs/libraries/node-js-library\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 